tngo application structure (#1035)
plotly/dash-docs: dash_docs/chapters/dash_enterprise/application_structure/runtime_py.md

## runtime.txt

`runtime.txt` is an optional text file that specifies your Dash app's Python runtime 
environment. It must be placed in your app's root directory. The contents are case 
sensitive and must contain include major and minor release, and patch numbers. 

```
python-3.7.4

```

The python runtime used by deployed apps on Dash Enterprise is different from the runtime available on Workspaces.

> Dash Enterprise 4.0.1 uses `python-3.6.10` by default. Workspaces uses `python-3.7.4` and cannot be configured with `runtime.txt`.

Reviewer: Also mention which version will be the default for 4.1.0.

## runtime.txt

`runtime.txt` is an optional text file that specifies your Dash app's Python runtime 
environment. It must be placed in your app's root directory. The contents are case 
sensitive and must contain include major and minor release, and patch numbers. 

```
python-3.7.4

```

The python runtime used by deployed apps on Dash Enterprise is different from the runtime available on Workspaces.

> Dash Enterprise 4.0.1 uses `python-3.6.10` by default. Workspaces uses `python-3.7.4` and cannot be configured with changes to `runtime.txt`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dash Enterprise 4.0.1 uses `python-3.6.10` by default. Workspaces uses `python-3.7.4` and cannot be configured with `runtime.txt`. 
```

> Dash Enterprise in Airgapped (offline) mode is only compatible with `python-3.6.5`.

Reviewer: Turns out this isn't actually true - here is the list of versions: https://github.com/plotly/dds-vendor/blob/9ac6b445c4f88b631b58ff1edc99a8f073ac07bf/stack-download#L14

As of 4.0.1, the following Python versions are supported below. The available Python 
runtimes get updated whenever a version of Dash Enterprise is released.

> 

Reviewer: Maybe we put this long list in a collapsible `<summary><details>`?

```
python-2.7.10 (deprecated)
python-2.7.11 (deprecated)
python-2.7.12 (deprecated)
python-2.7.13 (deprecated)
python-2.7.14 (deprecated)
python-2.7.15 (deprecated)
python-2.7.16 (deprecated)
python-2.7.9 (deprecated)
python-3.6.0
python-3.6.1
python-3.6.10
python-3.6.2
python-3.6.3
python-3.6.4
python-3.6.5
python-3.6.6
python-3.6.7
python-3.6.8
python-3.6.9
python-3.7.0
python-3.7.1
python-3.7.2
python-3.7.3
python-3.7.4
python-3.7.5
python-3.7.6
python-3.8.0
python-3.8.1
python-3.8.2

```

> Dash Enterprise will automatically update the Python version to 
> get the latest security releases if a `runtime.txt` file is omitted.

Reviewer: Let's tighten up this language. Perhaps

```suggestion
The default version of Python may be updated in newer versions Dash Enterprise. This allows Dash Enterprise to automatically manage & upgrade security updates of the Python version used in your apps.
```
